(car engine roaring)
Why don't we take a little walk?
Is that okay?
Uh, sure.
(chuckles)
(soft music)
I haven't been here in forever.
Always liked it.
I came here with someone I love.
Oh, yeah.
On Christmas Eve.
(gulps)
(soft music)
Even now, I still
can't forget about him.
Huh?
Why did I get dumped?
I still don't understand.
(soft music)
Hold on a sec! I've
gotta go the bathroom!
(footsteps tapping)
(water splashing)
I gotta change.
So I'm gonna ask Hina out.
(footsteps tapping)
Huh?
Hmm.
You were supposed to
have been in the car.
(car engine roaring)
(pants)
Hina no!
Hina!
Takemichi? Is that you?
Huh?
It ruins everything, if
you aren't inside the car.
Akkun!
(eerie music)
Hina!
Come on! We've gotta
get outta here.
I can't feel my legs
anymore Takemichi.
I can't move them.
(boom)
(eerie music)
(groans)
(cries)
(eerie music)
I'm still going
to save you, Hina!
No matter how many times I fail
I'll keep trying
over and over again.
Until I reach the future
where you're finally safe.
I'm never going to quit trying!
(sobs)
Hina.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
(sobs)
(grunts)
Hi Takemichi.
Still showing up
without any warning.
Hina!
(breathes heavily)
I love you.
(soft music)
(footsteps tapping)
Uh, you all right?
I understand how you feel,
but there are other people
who are, you know, waiting.
So, uh...
Hey, are you all right?
Maybe you should sit down.
Look, can you even hear me?
(sobs)
(cries)
Why is this happening?
Everything should
have worked out.
(sobs)
Naoto.
My sister.
(sobs)
(crickets chirping)
Takemichi Hanagaki?
Huh?
I'm Hinata's mother.
It's been a while.
Naoto?
He's all right.
He's calmed down now.
Oh, I see.
That's good.
Please take this.
(crickets chirping)
It's for me?
Go on, open it.
(gasps)
But this is...
She seemed to really love it.
I know she always kept it
very close to her heart.
You gave it to her, didn't you?
(soft music)
(sobs)
She must have loved
you very much.
(soft music)
Hina.
(opening theme music)
I did a bit of research
on Atsushi Sendo.
In this timeline, he was
married and had a child.
Then that doesn't make sense!
Why would someone that
has a family do that?
His wife and his child,
they've both gone missing.
Huh?
My guess is that they
took his family hostage
and threatened him.
Did Sendo say anything
to you, before he died?
(slow music)
Yeah, actually he did.
He said he had to do
whatever Toman wanted.
(sighs)
So it's Toman, once again.
(slow music)
Come to think of it,
what was Hanma doing there?
Useless!
We weren't able to
change anything.
Everything we did
was for nothing!
We couldn't change fate.
(slow music)
That's not true, Naoto.
The reason our saving Draken
didn't change anything,
is because his death wasn't
the reason Toman became evil.
When Hina died right
in front of me,
I realized something as I
watched the flames rise.
We have to attack the source.
The source?
Take down Toman!
It can happen if I become the
head of Toman in the past.
(chuckles)
You know you really had me
going there for a second.
I'm serious!
Come on, you know
that's impossible.
That doesn't matter!
I'll do the impossible if
it means I can save Hina.
(soft music)
(chuckles)
That is one stupidly
insane idea.
Thank you,
Takemichi.
(slow music)
Now I feel foolish for
getting all depressed.
You're such an idiot.
Huh?
Hey, why do you always have
to add something snarky?
(slow music)
What I don't understand
is why this happened
even though we saved Draken.
I mean, if Mikey and Draken
were still working together,
Kisaki shouldn't have
been able to butt in.
There's no way Toman
could become evil
while Draken was still alive.
(slow music)
It might be worth our while,
to pay a visit to Ryuguji.
(upbeat music)
(birds chirping)
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Ooh!
I got worried when I didn't
hear anything back from you.
I apologize.
Anyway, is there a reason
you wanted to meet here?
[Officer] Number 248!
(door creaks)
Someone's here to see you.
I did some research.
There was no record of
Ken Ryuguji's death,
but I discovered he wasn't
part of Toman anymore either.
It's no wonder it took
a while to find him.
(upbeat music)
(door creaks)
The fact is, Ken Ryuguji
is currently on death row.
(door slums)
(upbeat music)
It's been a while, Takemichi.
You're looking well.
(upbeat music)
Oh, man, Draken!
So tell me Draken, are you okay?
Yeah, I guess.
Naoto Tachibana.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Aah, he's the reason I
was able to to visit you.
I see.
So, what do you need?
Well, I guess for starters,
I had no idea you
were on death row.
What the hell happened to you?
Whatever could've made
you murder someone?
And what happened to Toman?
(sighs)
Takemichi, I have no
regrets about what I did.
I deserve to be in here.
It's my fault that Toman
changed and ended up like this.
It's my fault because
I couldn't stop him.
Who do you mean?
(soft music)
Toman, it was great
back when we were kids.
We did everything we could
to make our team bigger.
All we ever did was fight,
and it was like a
party every day.
Toman was everything to me.
Even if I could do
it all over again,
I'd still choose to live
my life the same way.
No regrets here.
After everything
that's happened,
Draken is still Draken.
He hasn't changed.
(soft music)
But then again...
What is it?
If I could actually
relive my life,
there is one thing I
would do differently.
I would kill Kisaki!
(gasps)
Tetta Kisaki?
You mean Kisaki is the--
(alarm buzzes)
[Officer] Time's up.
But Draken...
(slow music)
Takemichi.
Get yourself out of Tokyo.
Huh?
Didn't you almost get killed?
Isn't that why you came here?
For Kisaki, killing a man
is no different than
squashing a bug.
Draken, wait!
Tell me, why is somebody
trying to kill me?
Draken!
(eerie music)
At one time Kisaki
idolized Mikey,
but eventually that
turned into hatred.
(soft music)
And so now,
he wants to take away everything
that Mikey holds dear.
Kisaki.
(soft music)
Mikey.
(door slams)
(footsteps tapping)
Well, Draken,
that was good work.
Kisaki.
(door slams)
(bird chirping)
[Takemichi] I can't believe
Draken's on death row.
I would kill Kisaki!
So Naoto, who the
hell is this Kisaki?
What do you know about him?
Tetta Kisaki.
He's one of the key figures
in the Tokyo Manji
Gang right now.
He's also the acting commander.
I think, he must be the one
who keeps having
my sister killed.
The police have done
everything possible
to investigate him, but we
don't have a single lead.
I've still never met
him, even in the past.
And you say we have no
leads in the present.
Naoto, the way I see it,
there's only one option.
I've got to take over Toman!
Huh?
You were serious about that?
Of course I was! Why
the hell wouldn't I be?
If I become the head of Toman,
I'll be able to stop Kisaki.
Then I can protect everyone,
like Draken, Mikey and Hina.
This is how we're gonna
get at the source,
and take it down!
I've thought about it.
First, I'll become a captain.
With Pah out of the picture,
the 3rd Division Captain's
spot is open, so...
now's my chance.
(slow music)
You know this idea is insane.
Look, Naoto,
as I see it, it's the only
alternative we've got.
(upbeat music)
All right, then.
In spite of everything
that's happened,
you've somehow managed to
succeed with every mission.
So I'll believe in you.
(upbeat music)
(grunts)
This trip is probably
going to be a long one.
I know.
Why did I end up dumping Hina?
Why was Hanma at the
scene where Hina died?
And how did Draken
wind up on death row?
And finally, who's Kisaki?
And how did he end up
hating Mikey so much?
It's like a puzzle.
But I'm gonna
connect the pieces,
and destroy anything
that gets in my way!
Huh? Why is everything white?
Huh? A public bath?
Hmm?
(water bubbles)
(shrieks)
(laughs)
Whoa! Mikey?
Did I scare you?
[Draken] Hey! Shut up!
[Both] Huh?
Come on, you're
not kids anymore.
Public baths aren't
meant for messing around.
Wait, is that Draken?
Like I'm gonna listen
to a third-year student
who still wears a shampoo hat.
It's hilarious.
The big beanpole's afraid
of getting soap in his eyes.
[Draken] I told you to shut up.
(laughs)
What the hell's going on!
I'm at a public bath
with Mikey and Draken?
(water splashing)
I feel alive again.
So Draken, your wounds
are all healed now?
Huh?
Oh, those? No,
they weren't shit.
That's 'cause I work out.
Oh, I see.
Behold!
Check out these
abs and this scar.
Yeah.
(giggles)
You're a lot larger than
middle school kids, really.
Yeah, right?
Ooh, wow!
(Draken grunts)
Yeah, you're still
not completely healed.
Better not push yourself.
What the hell kind of
cheap shot was that?
(Mikey laughs)
You little shit!
It doesn't matter whether
I'm all healed or not!
Take that!
[Mikey] Ow! What the hell man?
Okay, now you're
really gonna get it!
[Draken] Hey!
That's my two in one
shampoo and conditioner!
[Mikey] Oooh, fancy!
[Draken] Don't, watch it,
you're gonna hit someone!
-I'm gonna make it fly!
-Hey!
(laughs)
(both laugh)
Takemichi, you've always
got something on your head,
don't you?
I remember! You had
shit on your head!
(laughs)
Way to go, Takemichi.
And why don't you just
drop dead for once!
(water splashes)
There! How do you
like that, huh?
Get off of me, you
big jerk, before I--
You're the one who started
this shit, remember?
(soft music)
Things were so great back then.
[Mikey] Ow!
[Draken] Come here you!
Get off!
I really hope we never stop
having days like these.
[Both] Huh?
(soft music)
[Takemichi] Well,
time to get out.
(water splashes)
(gulps loudly)
Ahh, yes!
[Draken] Let's go Takemichi.
Aargh!
Huh? Go where?
(upbeat music)
It's finally happening.
Takemichi, let's go.
Got a new 3rd Division
Captain to welcome.
Huh?
(closing theme music)